Adding Java YT course for beginners (#8867)
EbookFoundation/free-programming-books: courses/free-courses-en.md

* [Java Programming: Solving Problems with Software](https://www.coursera.org/learn/java-programming) (Coursera)
* [Java Server Tutorials - Happy Coding](https://happycoding.io/tutorials/java-server/) - Kevin Workman
* [Java tutorial for beginners](https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZPZq0r_RZOMhCAyywfnYLlrjiVOkdAI1) - Bro Code (YouTube)

> * [Java Tutorial for Beginners](https://youtu.be/eIrMbAQSU34) - Programming with Mosh

Reviewer: For youtube, we prefer "playlist" links and the name of the producer/creator. docs/CONTRIBUTING.md#platforms-and-access-notes
No shortened links

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Java Tutorial for Beginners](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eIrMbAQSU34) - Programming with Mosh
```
